C2S for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7
=========

Ansible remediation role for profile C2S  
Profile Title:  C2S for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7  
Profile Description:  
This profile demonstrates compliance against the  
U.S. Government Commercial Cloud Services (C2S) baseline.  
  
This baseline was inspired by the Center for Internet Security  
(CIS) Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Benchmark, v2.1.1 - 01-31-2017.  
  
For the SCAP Security Guide project to remain in compliance with  
CIS' terms and conditions, specifically Restrictions(8), note  
there is no representation or claim that the C2S profile will  
ensure a system is in compliance or consistency with the CIS  
baseline.  
  
  
Benchmark ID:  RHEL-7  
Benchmark Version:  0.1.38  
  
XCCDF Version:  1.1  
  
This file was generated by OpenSCAP 1.2.17 using:  
	$ oscap xccdf generate fix --profile C2S --template urn:xccdf:fix:script:ansible xccdf-file.xml   
  
This script is generated from an OpenSCAP profile without preliminary evaluation.  
It attempts to fix every selected rule, even if the system is already compliant.  
  
How to apply this remediation role:  
$ ansible-playbook -i "192.168.1.155," playbook.yml  
$ ansible-playbook -i inventory.ini playbook.yml

This Ansible role has been generated from the


Requirements
------------

N/A

Role Variables
--------------

To customize the role to your liking, check out the [list of variables](vars/main.yml).

Dependencies
------------

N/A

Example Playbook
----------------

Run `ansible-galaxy install Ansible-Security-Compliance.rhel7-role-C2S` to
download and install the role. Then you can use the following playbook snippet.


    - hosts: all
      roles:
         - { role: Ansible-Security-Compliance.rhel7-role-C2S }


Then first check the playbook using (on the localhost):

    ansible-playbook -i "localhost," -c local --check playbook.yml

To deploy it, use (this may change configuration of your local machine!):

    ansible-playbook -i "localhost," -c local playbook.yml


License
-------

BSD-3-Clause

Author Information
------------------

This Ansible remediation role has been generated from the body of security policies developed by the [SCAP Security Guide](https://github.com/OpenSCAP/scap-security-guide) project. Please see https://github.com/OpenSCAP/scap-security-guide/blob/master/Contributors.md for an updated list of authors and contributors.
